[Music] I
wanted to comment on a thread that I just
posted on Twitter that is related
to this topic and it is that for this
lady Sara reverté Sara reverté is one, it
's like she was my soulmate, that of
Joan Plana. The thing is that I think that
Sara reverté has more feelings of
affection for Joan than for me or rather she does
n't fight that much for me she's not that
obsessed with people who mess
with me like this
eh I can't
believe it Javi did you find out that Peppa
also made a box to go
buy clothes at that flea market because she
needs clothes send me those clips please
send me those clips please Where is that? Well I'm constantly running into this chick eh telling me all kinds of things and I'm this girl I really don't run into this one I mean Joan Plana used her in her day to put her on screen so the girl
looked like a [ __ ] and all that and she
put her on screen half crying the
girl like Ah they're harassing me they're harassing me for
defending Joan Plana  girl we haven't
run into girl no one has told you anything
in these three years three four Almost
five is that it's Almost five actually
and the girl continues and the girl continues and the girl
continues and the girl continues
like a good stalker Here calling
Karime stalker I mean yesterday yesterday they were
calling Karime a prostitute Who was it
yesterday apart from several not of those who
hang out with her who was it yesterday that called
Karime a prostitute was it Loli Huertas not
the Loli Huertas was it No well now
stalker today stalker like a good
stalker They already said I mean because
Karime is sharing the game that the
game over is a piece of video from the
Channel that I think I'm going to put it as a
trailer on the Channel in fact if we
keep giving the girl I'll
put it on the cover the game over
if we continue I'll put it on the cover the game
over okay Well then this lady says
among other things that she says that now You're
going to see Let's go over a little bit of the
things that she says
no three judges three
magistrates already said Three magistrates already said
that what comes out in that Game
Over are
lies
How but since you don't have
reading comprehension just pure evil Well it's normal that you do
n't understand something as complex as a
sentence the only real gin over is the
judicial conviction of
J est
lie that three magistrates said that
what appears in the gin over is a
lie and that whoever doesn't understand it what
Put the sentence is that they can't read Well
look, since I am the protagonist as I
am the protagonist, it just so happens that
I have the sentence
this part is that in reality
Tania hasn't read it any of the 30
times that she has read the sentence But
look, I'm going to put it here now, okay, by the
way, another day I also have to put it,
okay, Sara, eh, Joan, another day I also have to
put the part of the sentence that
talks about the cartoons that
friky eh made that you mention so much that
also in that sentence it said that it
was simply a parody and that nothing
happened, okay, I mean Well look, this is
the Game over part of the sentence
This is what you say about the game over
the sentence let's let's leave it
public no longer since Tania
has skipped this part, so I'll put it  there you
have this part on Twitter in case there is
any doubt about what is being said about
the
gameover okay it was the video that
Joan really wanted to delete if he had
been a normal non-obsessive person
okay then
the ginob would have been deleted too because at the
time when I took over and did not want to
appeal that sentence I said okay what do we have to
do each one for themselves I deleted
all the videos except the game over I
deleted all the live videos I deleted everything I'm not
going to look to see which are
the videos that do Which are the ones that don't I didn't
delete all the videos I apologized
for the insults and the guy told me no no no no no that he
was going to spend
6 years bothering me until they
closed my channels
said an intelligent person who is really bothered by
this video that this video itches a lot
Javi please delete the game over it
itches me a lot each one for their side and
each one for their side and it would have been almost
two years since this guy who I know nothing about
him and he about me because I would not have
mentioned him more but he started hae
cut  to chase me with their
Twitter accounts to chase me with everything that I
was showing you the other day let's not
read what leg gin over says what
the lady says here eh Sara reverté who says that that that that
three magistrates that
you don't know how to read that three
magistrates have said that the game
over is a lie let's
read it in the thread of the controversy with
Mr. Salgado Mr. Salgado was a father
with a kidnapped daughter okay the mother
kidnapped the daughter and when Johan pl got
angry with him and took it out on him she tried to
boycott his project saying that this
man was spending the money from the
crowdfunding on prostitutes that she
told him no right that's there eh
Also in the gin over
em take advantage of the virality of the moment and
that a real campaign began look
here I am telling him about Carlos
Salgado no campaign to discredit
this man with horrible things to
screw up his project and that he is not
reunited with the girl that you have to
be bad eh You have to be bad eh a
father who is suffering as much as
Carlos Salgado eh Because he
has posted a criticism on Twitter eh
try to boycott the entire project there is no choice
but to refer to the reasoning in
the previous section regarding the
actor's own statements, that is,
Juan
okay, the
added expressions shameless or [ __ ] liar
offensively isolated
considered cannot have the same
offensive intensity in the context of criticism that
the defendant makes of the actor on
said issue, let's say what I'm
doing to you is a criticism of things that you
yourself have said that is what
the sentence is telling you here okay they are
opinions and expressions more or
less accurate and
unpleasant expressions that one made but in the context
of such criticism it does not have greater
civil relevance okay for the rest whether the
defendant consented or not that in the
original debate moderated by Mrs.
Sánchez, that is, Lada with whom today he is
getting into it again that now we are going to
see okay, he called the actor a misogynist and
retrograde they do not suppose an attack on the
honor on the part of the defendant who did not
utter such expressions in said debate is
not enforceable  the
moderator being more or less accurate in
his job of moderating, well, blah blah
blah,
and
neither does the
defendant's description of the actor's way of acting on social media
go beyond mere criticism and opinion
obviously favorable to the actor
but nothing more. So that's what there is,
the criticism I make of you and the opinion I
have of you is what there is anyway, it is
not satisfied In what way it attacks
the actor's honor by Adding
regarding the productions of this one, I mean,
you what you put eh the only thing I've
said is that your films seem
bad to me because they seem bad to me if you were
good at making films you wouldn't be on
YouTube at 40 years old dressed as Pablo
Iglesias I have an imagination that is the
host better than you with your films
that are nothing more than criticisms As much as it is
evident how much you dislike the actor, you are
limiting yourself to expressing an opinion Without
insulting or berating the actor regarding
the issue of the documentary, blah blah
blah, you do not reason with the actor in short, the
game over remains that the game over
has nothing to do with what
this lady is saying here  this is an invention this is
a lie like everything you
guys put out where do they put the sentence Sara send
it to me Where do they put the sentence that
the game over are
lies where does it say And why isn't it
deleted where does it say it doesn't say it's a
lie of yours no Here is the video in case you
want to see it okay Game Over Johan
Plana what three judges from
the provincial court have said what
three magistrates have said in addition to the same
provincial court, the one in Barcelona, ​​is
that the husband of your friend Tania
Palacio Tania pm on
YouTube sexually abused a girl
for years a girl who if my
memory serves me correctly, sexually abused her between
the ages of 10 until 14 I think it
was or from 11 to 14 something like that have you
ever seen a 14 year old girl
not 11 years old
and to understand what we are
talking about, three magistrates from the
provincial court of Barcelona what they did
say was that Tania is married to
a man who abused a girl for
years he also sentenced him for abuse eh He
also  sentence for abuse some
a list of the people who have
supported Tania Sara and have sent her
your support your love Joan and
unite saying that maybe well
the judges can make mistakes no who
knows no Antonia miare's mother a
kiss all my support Tania I don't know what you're
talking about but all my
support 8 years in prison 8 years in prison
very little very little it seems to me that there's no
remedy that S was said by the magistrates
instances
Also yes and two abortions it's true and
two abortions is what the sentence says Yes, you
haven't read that sentence eh so many
times Eh well this jurist among
many other things that she predicted
okay this jurist among many other
things that she predicted predicted C adriá
of freedom from whatever arises he was going to be
convicted both in the lawsuit that
Joan Planas filed against him, which she also
sued him as in one for a fight he
had in a nightclub in which
a girl broke his eyebrow and here you have
the tweets okay
here about the eyebrow and  here's the thing about
Joan's lawsuit that about
Joan's lawsuit Sara both you and you I don't know if I should
call it God idolized admired have
repeated actively and passively that
Adria was going to win the lawsuit
at the moment it has already been in two instances and that no that no
that Joan loses it because Joan
starts the
insults the one in the fight at the nightclub
Adria has also won acquitted not
only acquitted but apparently there
was also a case for false
testimony against one of the witnesses
according to Adrian commented that you
also forget not the same as the sentence of
Tania's let's also ignore what
Nico said the nicoteca that Joan also won
by the way one thing that you
both have repeated ad nauseam is
that my sentence that the lawsuit is not
upheld in part the lawsuit is not
upheld only in
part you really know the sentence
or are you lying for sport
you you know how to read the sentence
Sara or are you lying for sport because I
have here a lot of videos to
present now of Joan saying that she
won the sentence in its entirety that no that it
is not in part that that  she won it
all and on the Tane Tane Channel
saying it
too you know how to read because it's the
first one they are the first three words
of the ruling
the claim is not upheld only in part you
are stupid you don't know how to read like the
gin over okay you are stupid you don't know how to read
Okay well they are three very simple words
Sara they are three very
simple words well I have here a
whole folder of Johan Planas saying During
this year and a half that I had won it
all okay Well I said let's
ignore that the Nicoteca one you also
hit jurist that the Nicoteca one
jurist that the Nicoteca one
you also said that she was going to lose it and she won it
Yoan has to pay the costs to Nico
the one who has spent money eh the
one who is spending money because he is still bitter eh the three instances that is spending money with the Adriá thing the TR that whatever happens the money that she takes the money that she won in the first claim that she spent in the first claim to me
when I didn't even have a conviction in the Coast or
even compensation 0  eur
the money that he has put into the
nicotine store the huge amount of money that he is
putting in the huge amount of money that he is throwing away
because it does not exceed strong
eh deep down I have this
strong thing eh strong this
eh let's also ignore Sara that you
celebrated that Miare first had her
trial annulled okay
eh And let's ignore that you have not said
anything about her being convicted that the other
day Antonia was talking about I don't know
what about the latest sentences that she was
very happy with the latest sentences
the latest sentences Antonia are your
husband and your daughter convicted in a
criminal case okay eh by the way Antonia Today I
was also calling Lada a piece of
[ __ ] person Where is that
from Can someone please send me
today's tweet on WhatsApp and from Joan pl Joan
Planas today has again posted a TT to
Ada telling her that Ada sells her
body and sells a very feminist t okay
a very feminist tweet so that
a feminist can support him if you can send it to me
please and Antonia  responds to
his friend Joan plana's tweet his friends Joan
Tania her whole new group of friends and
Antonia calls Lada loves
shitty person or rather look at you, the two of them are
claiming their right to honor in
court eh look at you, it's two of them
claiming the right to honor in
court Which one is better not Which one is
better let's see a little bit of what
Sara the jurist has been doing in recent
years Sara the other day we were seeing
a little bit of what Johan
Plana has
been doing in the last year and a half okay let's see what Sara has been doing okay here Sara chasing me tagging Diego Arabá well Diego Arabá has used the clippings Dean Plano has used them several times in his live shows it seems that anyway in Yo it
's that I see a lot in common with Diego and
Joan in the personality of the things they
throw at you and say to you and so on I see a
lot of similar things But well
let's leave God aside in this we'll
see what
happens here Sara reverté is
chasing me because I have committed the
evil
of  go to
Valencia to do a report a month
after the Dana to give
visibility to how the government had
abandoned the Valencians this
girl thinks it is very wrong it seems very
wrong that I go to Valencia with my time
and my money to do a
report to give visibility to
the
Dana J has only gone to take the photo
to make a video later and
monetize whitewash his image and as
he does not care about the victims
of the catastrophe he throws his boots the
comment It is ridiculous In itself not
because now we are going to see monetize
because I am very transparent with my
audience and since I never lie to them
now we are going to see it
okay I do not have to whitewash my
image Sara
I am not crying for what is said
about me or for the clicks that are cut from
me I know what I am playing at and this is
gossip I do not cry I have the best
community on the internet put it in your
heads what is happening to you is that I frustrated you it is
not whitewashing it is that I have never been
dirty in your imagination my image is
going to [ __ ] because of a sentence for
insult  people were going to stop seeing me
people were going to stop supporting me in
your
imagination there has been no
people know my mistakes and my successes what
happens is that your
plans to unite are frustrated to unite no that you
have all joined man that you have
all joined the yan the Juanjo those of
Troy the Loli with those people the mother of
the miare there too join with these
people the murtic those canine accounts I do
n't know what I don't know how much the SS connection
that you have joined all the Juanjo that
not between all of you joining
no little thing
no and since I care ROM pepper
the victims of the catastrophe I throw my
boots Ah so if I take my boots
full of [ __ ] to my house I
care more about the victims what a [ __ ]
comment really I mean no there is no
way to get the comment Okay
I'll see if I can show
something I'll see if I can show
something okay if YouTube allows me
Ah it doesn't
appear to me well
whatever Sara
chasing me Wait what with what with
this to the  better not watch it wait
see here he is tagging Julio
mg it's Julio el rancio do you know who
Julio el rancio is he's the kid who
presents the program on Cadena Ser that
also
[Music]
me Estela Estela Mira
est says year 2025 while I'm
enjoying Asia Ja oliveira sig
mentioning you defamed violating the
sentence that told him not to
repeat it
eh Joan that you are in Asia enjoying
life you came to the thread as soon as
I wrote the thread after 2 minutes it
seemed that I am condemning qu
not to answer you that is what you have
believed that is what you have believed and it
seems that no that is what you have
believed and it seems that no that you have
believed that for you the sentence is upheld
in part it gives you the right and a carte
blanche that you spend a year and a half
calling me a dog calling me a scammer
calling me a clown chasing me through
all the chats and that I do not answer you  that's what
you've believed but that's
going to be that no that's what you've
believed but that's going to be that it's not going to be
that I don't feel like it since you're already
going too far that maybe I'll report you
Look at what I'm telling you that's going to be what
you've believed Joan and it's going to be that
no get over it since it was an
over get over it
already and the mother of my this what is this
yes it is to say 2025 look Lada who
has resigned from testifying in favor of
Dallas in the last trial no No
my daughter no Antonia This is not like that eh Lada
was unnecessary and and and it was rejected because it was
not necessary it was not necessary nor
I it's that I don't even know why
the lawyer put me the lawyer put me without
permission in that in that of witness there and and
your lawyer Antonia yours and Win
michu's the day before he was asking that
I not be a witness does he have a problem
with me testifying but he was
asking before I testified he
was already asking that I not
testify okay But look what the
lady says right to honor the one who appears
in facua on the covers with the right
to honor the poor thing the poor victim in
202 c another shitty person and this is how she's been
eh for a year and a half I have a
folder here with all the defamations that the
same thing is also sued against her the
same thing is also sued against her and
because the
multi-accounts can't be proven
eh And because it can't be proven because
wow wow eh the little things
she says this is normal family this is
normal
2025 here dude
Send it and they'll get going I think that on Monday
you'll surely get the complaint that she
promised me I haven't received
the complaint that she promised me yet you know
what Sara said
reverté that she was going to report me under the
Olimpia law well What you're seeing
here Julio mg Julio mg is another speaker
okay This was when no when they
called me for several presentations at
the universities that you tell me what they
have to do with them okay they also
persecuted me because I went okay because I was going to
give a presentation at the  unet okay you
already know that on several occasions Well I have
given some presentations here they have
published photos this suspicious account
the cane tillero that nobody knows and nobody
suspects who it is
okay here you have me with Julio
presenting not this presentation Well
tagging Julio how would you
call that
How would you call this I mean this
is not even celebrating the sentence of
your friend no no no no they are writing
the university and the presenters of
the University of the
presentations a
persecution if I go to Valencia do a
report a persecution if I have to
give a presentation at the university do
you remember the report that they did
as a research team the
program of the sixth I will summarize it for you
okay I will summarize it for you it turns out that
starting in
2019 I don't know what would happen at the beginning of
2019 that suddenly well one of the
special people that I have behind
okay Right at the beginning of
2019 they started publishing my address and
my mother's address on all the
websites there are and there will be in all
okay Ivan and I  every day reporting
so that those ads would be removed from
that page okay surely you will know the case
we have already talked about it on many
occasions Okay well on all the
web pages they published my phone number my
father's my address my father's with
our photos calling us pedophiles the
pedophile from Rafael Alberti street the
pedophile from the plaza I don't know what okay Not
content with that the stalker okay he
dedicated himself to calling me almost every day
me and my mother the same he would call us at
7 in the morning the same at 3 in the
morning he would call my mother on the landline that
my mother had to turn off unplug
the landline cable because he
called her the same thing At 6 in the morning he would
tell her you are Maria The [ __ ] from the street I
don't know what the filthy [ __ ] [ __ ]
children 2019 this started eh 2019 I don't know
why what what followers would they be okay
okay on Google My address the address
of my house was marked as a brothel for
minors that precisely look at you that
has come out now that that there is another
conviction for child abuse  that is not
exactly from Dallas or from my
house imagine how coincidences are
no Well apart from that the stalker
was good enough to call me on the
phone almost daily
making montages that I can't put on
screen okay making montages that I
can't put on screen
HM the
ones he grabbed and grabbed his
penis and put it on my grandmother to my
newborn son to my whole family he grabbed his
penis and put it on many times he
photoshopped it to any member of my
family apart from that well this stalker
was good enough to send me audios like I have
almost daily Hello Javi Why don't you do it
with your
girlfriend I'm looking forward to seeing Lorena face to
face
[Music]
Loren taste her
lips [ __ ] in her but Rubio
put my sweaty [ __ ] between her
tricks and
[ __ ] I use Lorena's photos
to split the
Big one very unpleasant okay this
daily calls are recorded here everything
is recorded apart from child pornography
no I mean if you are taking
photographs of my newborn children
child pornography no no and they did one
that by the way in
investigation team were quite  for help
locating the guy do you know what
the guy did now the guy
is now testifying the guy is charged
Pablo Franco the lawyer managed to
uh pressure I don't know if the police the
civil H court until finally
the guy was identified and the guy was
charged it cost me my life it
cost us our lives Okay then Now the guy
is going all chubby with the glasses to
testify okay like this looking down and he
's asking for the trial to be closed
because he says that at the time he had
mental problems of course how cool are
things while it's being done
no While my
address and my father's address are being put
everywhere no While it's being while he
's grabbing his penis and
putting it in pictures of my children how cool
but now in front of the judge is that he had
mental problems the same thing will happen to
many of those who are now with
multiple accounts Okay to the one who is
dedicating himself Every [ __ ] day to
impersonating the creators
to try to suspend the
Twitter account okay then when we
sit in front of the Ju there we cry there we
cry okay Joan clap calling me
dog abuser a lot of insults
no that are there in the trial no and then
in the trial she started to cry I'm
scared of her videos Eh I'm scared of her
videos I would get up at night because I was
scared of her videos okay Okay
back to the subject of this guy that I
know about the message Okay
eem coming back These are all the
specials that I have to put up with
okay for there to be people complaining that
if we have opened a box to
fight with all this
eh when they do this report on me in the
investigation team that was very helpful
okay this lady also was kind enough to
contact the investigation team program
to tell them that you have to
see how they dare to point out
the Forum gossiping about the Poor
victims of the forum gossiping look at the
game over Go forum tiando also
please how
strong look at the game over Go forum
tiando that that that that how are you going to make
Javi a victim who only has his
medicine Look at this please tell me
that this is not
strong Look at what he does because I'm
like I'll pat him you
put him  of a victim and she only has
her medicine so this jurist
considers that taking photographs of my
son and making child pornography is my
medicine
m
mm
what a jurist eh jurist who doesn't get one
because he doesn't know he doesn't know how to read
what they
say
well we could put many
more things have appeared here instantly uncle
look joh in flat pages won listen mouth
chancla the one with the right to honor eh
When they condemn you it cannot be
said that they have won because there was an
appeal But this is what you are talking about Joan
really what about Adriá there is that But trust you
the guy appears on the tweets
responding within a minute of me posting the
thread they are already here but having me
blocked
eh I would love to not know anything about you
but you keep mentioning me while I
am in Asia calm down let's see how
you are in Asia calm down
flat pages let's see how you are in Asia
calm down
Wait you are just as calm
as your friend
Antonia I am in Asia
calm down he is pending on Acia ju
that I don't know what saying TR years eh TR
years TR years without stopping and now and now
they say it's me me  that that because I don't
stop because I don't leave him what do you guys say
I've been quiet for 3 years while I've been
throwing [ __ ] Well now that he
now waits double 6 years where I'm
going to be a pain in the ass until they
kick him off YouTube because the damage he's
done no no I mean there isn't even the money it won't
repair it the damage he's done not
even the
money will repair it this person has to be It's that it's that I can't
just get bored of
clicking like this eh Joan
I can get bored of clicking like this of
your peace of mind in
Asia But this is absurd not even
having to debate this it's that I don't
even make sense of having to
debate this it seems absurd to me really absurd I mean really absurd
having to debate this
because these are things that are seen no I mean these
are things that everyone has
seen everyone has seen
appearing sending him super chag guajo
appearing in the chat that one is embarrassing man I mean really
embarrassing Look let's see if
the compensation thing works out for you
we'll see okay hey Thank you very much to
the people who  you are collaborating on
this while we have been for
this is the box gentlemen for this is the
box okay I repeat it again yesterday there were
people who told me Javi but not with so many
explanations I do not care or
really eh I with my community I have no
secret Look at the thing let's see
Ah what are you saying
Sara you are lying saying that I am stalking you let's
see if you are going to have to prove that
sar that we just saw here creature
come on get the law
Olimpia you go Sara and explain to him that it
seems very good to you to write to every
television program that I go to every
job that I have okay you go and
explain it to him Sara
Look this comes in very handy for me Sara man
this is you know this the problem that he has is that they have
tried to drown me they have tried to
harass me and they are seeing that with the
box thing it has not gone well for them because you
are helping me with the expenses that they are making me
do he is watching us of
course he says that he is recording us
notify your chat that he is being recorded
okay say hello
and you say that I have come to the thread man
if you call me by my name pay attention to
this eh pay attention to
this is  that you have money to go to
New York but not to pay the
sentences
em and Joan planas Sara
come Sara
come Joan pl has money to go
live in Asia for a year
a year in which he continues thinking about me
that he can't get over how he ended up Joan planas
has money to go to Asia for a year and he
's asking me for 80,000 because he
burned 80,000 well in the first trial
he asked me for 50 Now he's asking for 80 like What is
the calculation is it clarified or not is it clarified or is it not
clarified which by the way is the lawsuit Joan
plana It's that this is also a doubt
that we have a little doubt
a little doubt
wait a little doubt that we have wait
mm this happens a bit like when in the
first lawsuit he said that he had lost
30,000 subscribers because YouTube had
the option to hide Followers but
then when
then days before the trial by
chance the very bad coincidence that
YouTube removed the option to
hide Followers Okay then Now
Yan plana in this lawsuit says that he
needs money he needs me to pay him
80,000 because in  2020 he charged
1500 And now he charges less than 100 because of me
then Sara Here I have a
video I have the video eh I have the
certified video in case he decides to
lie again here I have a video
Look December 2020 360
charged Javi fix the box the box is
fixed
Karime anyway it's boring you with
lies from these people and things like that
anyway it's boring you
family But this is what this is for to
fight with this in the box
family Look over there Karim is
putting the box on me Okay thanks to all of
you who have hit him in the last few
hours the box because of course you are very
angry that you are supporting me
because they believed that I was not going to
have support that I was going to be
ruined that I was not going to be able to go on
vacation a Viking kiss How are you
beautiful of course that's why they are burning with
the box that's why they are burning with the
box because what they believed
Is that I was going to be ruined that
nobody was going to me  to support that he was going to kick me
off YouTube that I was going to be a no son that is
done with arguments with debate
debating face to face it is done if you
want to stay on top with
arguments with truth not with lies
okay but apte one thing dude from 2020 that I do
n't even care about or what do I care about
these people in
2025 But why do they care Santo Well
look because he burned he burned he burned
because he looked bad he was used to it there
berating everyone and he found me
and he burned and that's it and sard gave
eh you what the guy is telling you there
eh what the guy is telling you on the
T that I am condemned to not
answer him anymore that I am condemned to
not say anything else No no Of course you
tell me whatever you want the
entire folder that I have here from tw from
tweet space directly from you insulting me and
you think that I am not going to answer you
anymore that is what you have believed that
I am not going to answer you anymore First I am
going to answer you in
court first and  then here and here
people see what they have eyes people
are seeing what they have eyes you're going to have to
prove that you percio says
Mrs. Sara that you've gone to
research team in something that is
supposed to not even concern you to have
problems with them doing a
report on me or rather how What do
you call that or rather going to a
program tagging the University
where they called me for a presentation
tagging the presenter of the
radio program to the
rancid does me a good And I also
forgot to put wonderful people that
every time I've done a hidden camera
they've also commented on something
everything everything I mean What problem would
you have if I reported a guy who
is harassing me my father my
children What a problem How is that my
medicine Sara that's my medicine
publishing my address everywhere
calling me a pedophile sending me these
audios threatening to rape my wife
and my daughter that's my medicine but
what are you up to
a kiss Nuri
Cris yes Nuri the box can be made with
card and with
but it's fabric  what I have to put up with
every day Hey man, the
lady is lying about the sentence,
please come on, her and him, her and him, what has been
put in the lawsuit? If I put a
clip of the trial, well, you haven't
shared my clip of the trial and
applaud that they put my clip of the
trial, the one that David Bravo cut out.
Look what Johan has retweeted. It's a little thing for
me, Joan, in your
world, no, Joan, they're not going to call me The
Convicted, only those of you who have joined.
[Music]